m
decree
wc the hero of our review will be
affordable available to a wide range
users and enough
functional alphabet as well as syak under
name of Tymoshenko three hundred and fifty to
decree
standard package included
ready power supply
and user documentation m
decree
and the machines 350 are made of matte plastic
gray logos on the cover and smooth
lines
he is absolutely not brand so you do not
you have to wipe it off often
solution for everyday work
hinges holding the display
sturdy and reliable and allow you to open
notebook almost 180 degrees
keyboard when such crumbs are comfortable
large enough keys to work with
the text on it is comfortable
the touchpad is also large exiled on and keys
control display 350 and models
widescreen with a diagonal of 10 inches and
1024 by 600 dots screen resolution
use led
backlight
what allows to lower energy consumption
at the same time remember the bright and saturated in the center
its framework for internet lovers
communication and just those who want
stay connected provided this
camera m
decree
Inca running laptop
atom m 455
clocked at 1 56 and underway
in combination with one gigabyte
RAM this baby is easy
cope with difficult tasks
type of internet surfing and working in
know sports applications
for storing documents and any
160 gigabytes of other information
hard drive
built-in petr is responsible for graphics
Inter jams 3150 cut and 4 battery
m capacity of 2200 milliampere hours
laptop can work without
recharging up to two and a half hours
but its weight is very small
one on one kilogram what
will allow with ease anti-inflammatory
and travel
but
required set of interfaces
you will be present so with
left side represented
oman portraits
soccer players and microphone jacks and
headphone
on the right there is only a two card reader
in one wireless connection to that part
represents the wolfart module
m
all decree
name 6 350 comes preloaded
vendor 7 starter
considering undemanding
this version of the system with the resource
she's perfect for this on a cube
a wide variety of software
ensure working lift
doses will allow you at your discretion yes
quite
basic program list
three hundred and fifty models but there is one
chance
it is compact and lightweight easy to
use and absolutely not martin
yakubko
it can be worn without problems every day
yourself and use in any such yes
you place
having a struggle will allow you to go out
on the internet not only at home but wherever else
have wireless coverage
p ect